Wiki docs migrated to Edge repo (#2052)
0xPolygon/polygon-edge: wiki-docs/docs/contracts/reward-pool.md

> ## Overview

Reviewer: This needs rework because, this contract does not look like this anymore. Check out the version we use in Edge 1.3.2: 
https://github.com/0xPolygon/core-contracts/blob/dev/contracts/child/validator/RewardPool.sol

Author: I think this is too much work for now and we can look again later. In fact, this whole **contracts** section of docs is not published in the wiki. I found them and @gsilva5 was surprised that they weren't in there, so we figured it was an error and I added them back. However, it appears they are all out of date so I'm going to hide them all and we can think about it, wdyt?

Author: https://polygon.atlassian.net/browse/TKLP-26

> `RewardPool` is library for the management and distributiion validator rewards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`RewardPool` is library for the management and distribution of validator rewards.
```
